DAN: Things on Earth were going really well,
after the Bakugan came to live with us.
But then out of nowhere, we were invaded by these mysterious and
evil Mechtogan who were intent on destroying everything.
Coredegon
Slycerak
Exostriker
And Mandibor were their names.
And leading them was this clown Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets. Luckily for us, we had our own
secret weapon in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer.
So we fought back, because no one is going to
take our freedom! Not now, not ever!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
SPATTERIX: Are you saying you've never stopped to ask...
yourself that question?
TREMBLAR: About Wiseman's true identity? No.
SPATTERIX: But we're fighting for someone...
we know nothing about!
SPATTERIX: We don't even know what species he is.
The way he teleports himself suggests he's not human.
BETADRON: Spatterix is right. He may be humanoid in form,
but who knows what hides behind that mask of his.
BALISTA: Do you have any thoughts...
on the subject, Professor?
WORTON: I have heard stories of a special ability card
that allows holders to teleport themselves at will.
I had thought them to be fairytales but perhaps Wiseman
is in possession of such a card.
Be that as it may I know nothing of his true identity.
SPATTERIX: I don't think we should go any further...
with this guy until we know more about him.
BALISTA: I agree. What do you say Betadron?
BALISTA: Every time we have fought along side Wiseman...
we haven't been able to defeat Drago.
Each time he summons Coredegon and the rest of the Mechtogan...
their strength continues to grow and we wind up with nothing.
BETADRON: Spit it out, Balista.
BALISTA: I think Wiseman has been using us and if we don't...
put our foot down, then we're the fools.
BETADRON: Once again, you're being shortsighted Balista.
Don't forget that it was Wiseman who freed us from
the Doom Dimension. Without him, we would have never had...
the opportunity to taste the vengeance you speak of.
BETADRON: But now that we are free, perhaps it's time...
that the tables were turned and that we use Wiseman.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Gunz Blazing
MIRA: I can't believe I'm still here, Runo.
MIRA: The doctors say the tests are taking longer to process...
because they've never treated someone like me from...
the planet Vestal, but I keep telling them I'm totally fine.
RUNO: Be patient. By the way, I found this Bakumeter...
when I was cleaning the lab, do you know who it belongs to?
MIRA: Let me see... Oh, that's a prototype I was
working on for a new Bakumeter.
MIRA: It's going to be pretty cool because it will allow you
to summon battle suits directly without...
the help of a remote operator.
RUNO: Whoa, that's cool but does that put me out of a job?
MIRA: Haha! Don't worry.
MIRA: There's still plenty of other stuff...
you can help me out with.
KATO: Whaaaaaat?
KATO: Watch ouuuuut!
KATO: [gasping] What are you doing?
GUNZ: Can you please help me? [groan]
KATO: [gasp] Master Gunz!
Oh no! Are you okay?
RUNO: Here you go, Gunz.
GUNZ: Thank-you.
GUNZ: [sipping]
MARUCHO: It's really great to see you back.
We were all pretty worried about you.
GUNZ: [gasp] MARUCHO: Huh?
DAN: Hey! Check it out! It's Gunz!
REPTAK: You're alive!
GUNZ: Oh, hey Reptak!
GUNZ: I'm sorry I worried you.
REPTAK: It's okay. I'm just glad you're safe.
GUNZ: Dan. I heard you took care of Reptak while I was gone.
I really appreciate it. I owe you one.
DAN: So where the heck were you dude?
GUNZ: Well...the last thing I remember was being in...
Battle Stadium and getting blasted.
GUNZ: And after that, it's a total and complete blank.
DRAGO: Until when?
MARUCHO: Apparently, his memory only started to come back...
just before Kato almost hit him with the car.
DAN: Alright then, well, I gotta go take care of some stuff.
SHUN: Ah, Dan! DAN: Ya.
SHUN: Wait up! You were acting awfully strange back there.
Is there something you're not telling us?
RADIZEN: Whaaat? You think Gunz is really Wiseman?
MARUCHO: Would you keep it down, already!
DRAGO: We're not positive yet.
DAN: Reptak mentioned it to us a while back,
but I didn't want to say anything until we knew for sure.
JAAKOR: Do you have any evidence at all?
DRAGO: Not exactly.
DRAGO: All we have is Reptak insisting that Wiseman's...
battle moves are identical to Gunz's. He's convinced.
SHUN: Well he'd know.
GUNZ: Hey guys, so what's going on up here, huh?
You having some kind of secret meeting?
MARUCHO: [gasp] No! No secret at all!
MARUCHO: [laughter] Uh...
GUNZ: What's wrong, huh Reptak?
DAN: Nothing's wrong.
REPTAK: Actually, Gunz... GUNZ: Huh?
REPTAK: ...there is something I wanted to ask you.
DAN: Huh?
RUNO: Dan! Our sensors have picked up Wiseman!
DAN: No way!
CROWD OF PEOPLE: [terrified screams]
DAN: This doesn't make any sense.
The sensors are picking up Wiseman, but Gunz is right here.
.DRAGO: Maybe Gunz isn't Wiseman
GUNZ: So what did you want to ask me?
REPTAK: Uh, never mind. It was nothing.
SHUN: We should go. Wiseman's going to be looking for us.
DAN: Right!
DAN: Gunz! If you're up to it, it would be a big help...
if you and Reptak battled alongside us.
GUNZ: Sure. No problem, argh!
DAN: Hmmm? SHUN: [grunt]
GUNZ: I guess I spoke too soon. Sorry fellas, but I think it's
probably best for everyone if I sit this one out. Thank-you.
DAN: If you say so.
Let's go, Reptak. You're coming with us.
MARUCHO: Hurry guys! Who knows what kind of destruction...
Wiseman may be causing.
DAN: Haven't you learned your lesson?
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Baku Skyraider, Jump!
Go Pyrus Fusion Dragonoid!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Baku Skyraider, Jump!
Go Ventus Jaakor!
JAAKOR: [rising mighty roar]
JAAKOR: I hope you're prepared for the punishment...
coming your way.
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan stand!
MARUCHO: Go Aquos Radizen!
RADIZEN: Oh yeah! Radizen is in the house...
with Drago and Jaakor. You are in some serious trouble.
RUNO: All the Bakumeters are powered up.
RUNO: I'd better go prep the Battle Suits.
DAN: What's wrong? Why don't you launch your Bakugan?
SHUN: Hang on, Dan. Something's strange here.
MARUCHO: Yeah. Have you noticed he hasn't said a word?
DAN: [angry grunt] I've had enough of this.
DAN: If you're just gonna stand there like that...
I'm gonna rip that mask off your face!
DAN: [angry grunt] Whoa! What?
SHUN: He went right through him! But how?
MARUCHO: I don't get it!
DRAGO: Hey! What's that?
DAN: Huuuuh?
RADIZEN: What the...? JAAKOR: This is bad.
MARUCHO: Dan! Why would Wiseman waste his time...
with a trick like that?
DAN: Guess he wanted to distract us.
SHUN: So it's a trap!
DAN: He's going after...
GUNZ: Ruuuuuuno!
RUNO: [gasp] GUNZ: That is your name right?
GUNZ: I was thinking, maybe I can help you out in the lab.
RUNO: That's really nice of you, but I've got it covered.
Thanks!
WISEMAN: Sorry, but that is the wrong answer.
WISEMAN: Your moment of reckoning has come, Brawlers!
DAN: It's time to unmask Wiseman, Reptak!
WISEMAN: Let's have a look at your new invention, Mira.
[computer beeps and trills]
WISEMAN: Hmmph...?
[sinister chuckle]
DAN: Runo!
DAN, SHUN and MARUCHO: [gasp]
MARUCHO: Kato!
DAN: [gasp] Where's Runo?
SHUN: Let's head to the lab!
DAN: Marucho! Take care of Kato!
MARUCHO: You've got it!
WISEMAN: Interesting.
DAN: Runo!
WISEMAN: Hmmm? [angry grunt]
SHUN and DAN: [gasp]
SHUN: Runo! [gasp]
DAN: Huh? Wait, get back here!
Shun, you help Runo!
WISEMAN: Hmmmph! [grunt]
DAN: He's not getting away from me!
DAN: [panting, running reactions]
DAN: That lousy traitor!
DAN: [angry grunt] [panting, running reactions]
DAN: [panting] Hey...hey Gunz!
DAN: Show yourself!
WISEMAN: Well, well. If it isn't the mighty Dan Kuso,
of the Battle Brawlers.
DAN: Wiseman!
WISEMAN: What's wrong, Kuso?
You look disappointed, perhaps you were looking for...
...your old friend Gunz?
DAN: So then it was you all along, Gunz! You creep!
WISEMAN: Bakugan Brawl!
WISEMAN: Bakugan stand!
WISEMAN: Rise Haos Tremblar!
TREMBLAR: Hmmmph! Prepare to feel the wrath of...
a millennia's worth of rage, Drago.
DRAGO: I'll send you packing like I did your friend.
REPTAK: Drago, wait!
REPTAK: Guys, please let me fight this battle against Gunz.
DRAGO: But why, Reptak?
TREMBLAR: I have no interest in you, Reptak!
REPTAK: Pipe down! This is between me and Wiseman,
or should I say Gunz!
REPTAK: So don't get in my way!
TREMBLAR: Such tough talk!
DAN: Okay then, Reptak. We're with ya.
You've earned this more than anyone, buddy!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Baku Skyraider, Jump!
DAN: Let's go, Haos Reptak!
REPTAK: [rising mighty roar]
REPTAK: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
TREMBLAR: [grunt, pain reactions]
Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
REPTAK: I warned you not to get in my way!
TREMBLAR: [sinister chuckle]
REPTAK: What?
TREMBLAR: You imbecile REPTAK: Hmmm?
WISEMAN: [evil chuckle]
TREMBLAR: [evil chuckle]
WISEMAN: Combat Mode, ready for action!
DAN: What?
DRAGO: Did he just separate?
TREMBLAR: Target locked on!
TREMBLAR: I only wanted to battle Drago, but I have...
no problem taking you down first Reptak!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Goliath Flugel!
REPTAK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
Grudge Cannon!
TREMBLAR: Haaaaaaaaaah!
REPTAK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: No Reptak!
REPTAK: [grunt, exertion reactions]
DAN: Oh man! We have to counter-attack, buddy!
Ability activate!
DAN: Harvey Cannon!
REPTAK: Haaaaaaaah!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Lagrange Shield!
TREMBLAR: [grunt, exertion reactions]
DAN: No way!
TREMBLAR: Quit wasting my time, Kuso.
Let's get on with the real battle, between Drago and I!
REPTAK: [grunt, pain reactions]
WISEMAN: [evil chuckle]
DAN: What are you laughing at, Gunz!
That's your old partner who's getting battered!
DRAGO: Take it easy, Dan. He's just doing that to wind you up!
He wants you angry and distracted so he can get...
the upper hand.
DRAGO: Reptak's struggling because it's...
two against one right now.
DRAGO: Put me in so I can even things out, Dan!
DAN: Cool! Let's do it!
Baku...
REPTAK: Wait guys! Please! I can do this on my own.
I neeeed to do this on my own.
[grunt, exertion reactions]
TREMBLAR: What?
REPTAK: [grunt, exertion reactions]
DAN: Reptak...
WISEMAN: [evil chuckle] Hmmm?
REPTAK: [grunt, exertion reactions]
REPTAK: I'm taking you dooooown!
TREMBLAR: [grunt, pain reactions]
TREMBLAR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
REPTAK: [grunt, exertion reactions]
Haaaaaaaaaah!
TREMBLAR: [grunt, pain reactions]
REPTAK: We used to be a team, Gunz!
Why are you doing this? Tell me why?
REPTAK: Answer me, Gunz!
WISEMAN: I don't know what you think we had,
but it's ancient history Reptak. I suggest...
you focus on the present.
REPTAK: Traitor!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Faust Flugel!
REPTAK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Reptak!
REPTAK: It's okay. I've got this.
I've gotta snap Gunz out of his fog!
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Gorsen Alt!
REPTAK: Gunz!
Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
TREMBLAR: [evil cackle]
REPTAK: Guuuuuuuuunz!
DAN: Stop it, now!
DRAGO: Dan! Gunz is wiping the floor with Reptak!
You have to put me in before it's too late!
There's still time to turn this around!
DAN: I know dude, but...
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Goliath Flugel!
REPTAK: Huh? [grunt, pain reactions]
WISEMAN: Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Grudge Cannon!
TREMBLAR: [rising mighty roar]
REPTAK: Oh no! Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Oh snap!
Reptak!
DAN: Huh! What the...?
DRAGO: Dragonoid Destroyer!
DAN: How did he...?
DRAGO: ...show up by himself? I don't know but he's here now!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Hold on, Reptak! I'm coming!
REPTAK: Dragonoid Destroyer.
DAN: Yup. And just in time.
You ready to rock this out, buddy?
REPTAK: You bet!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Ready, pal?
DRAGO: One hundred percent!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DRAGO: Ride On!
DAN: Jumping Attack!
REPTAK: [rising mighty roar]
TREMBLAR: You'll pay for that!
DRAGO: You'll have to get through me first!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: And me.
DRAGO: Attaaaaaaaaack!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: [rising mighty roar]
TREMBLAR: [grunt, exertion reactions]
TREMBLAR: You'd be foolish to underestimate my powers!
DAN: [grunt, exertion reactions] Drago!
TREMBLAR: What? I don't understand.
A point blank hit and not even a scratch?
How is that possible?
TREMBLAR: Who do you think you are, huh?
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Your worst nightmare!
DRAGO: One that you'll never wake up from!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Say goodnight!
Haaaaaaaah!
TREMBLAR: Oooomph!
TREMBLAR: I won't lose to you two insects.
WISEMAN: Get up, you pathetic fool!
REPTAK: Hmmph!
WISEMAN: What?
REPTAK: Try attacking now!
The blowback will take out your pod as well!
DAN: Way to go, nice one, Reptak!
We'll go after Tremblar's body!
DRAGO: Ready to finish this, Dragonoid Destroyer?
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: You bet, Drago!
Time to make the enemy hurt!
DRAGO: Force Cannon Fire!
DRAGONOID DESTROYER: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Ability activate!
Harvey Cannon!
WISEMAN: [angry grunt] Ability activate!
WISEMAN: Grudge Cannon!
TREMBLAR: Haaaaaaaaah!
TREMBLAR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
REPTAK: Hmmph.
REPTAK: Are you ready to come to your senses, Gunz?
WISEMAN: [chuckle into open mouth laugher]
DAN: [gasp] [angry grunt]
DAN: Come here! [gasp]
DAN: Maaaaan!
SHUN: So it was true? Gunz was really Wiseman...
this entire time behind our backs?
DAN: Yup.
REPTAK: I told you guys.
MARUCHO: But still, it doesn't explain to us what...
his true motives are you guys.
DRAGO: His demeanour is so different now.
Perhaps he's been brainwashed, somehow.
REPTAK: That would make sense,
because he sure isn't acting himself.
RADIZEN: But who would do that? Oh man, this mystery...
keeps getting deeper and deeper!
REPTAK: It doesn't matter. All I know is I have to get...
the real Gunz back and that means taking down...
this new Wiseman persona of his.
REPTAK: And I'll do whatever it takes.
Do you hear me? Whatever it takes!
JAAKOR: You're part of our team now, Reptak.
So we're behind you all the way.
RUNO: Hey.
KATO: Please accept my sincere apologies, gentlemen.
DAN: Apologies for what? RUNO: Uh...
SHUN: The trick that Gunz played on us with the Wiseman decoy...
was so he could steal the Battle Suits from the lab.
He took them, Dan. They're gone.
DAN: No way, dude!
BETADRON: There you are, Wiseman.
I've been looking all over for you.
WISEMAN: What is it, Betadron?
BETADRON: The others have questions about your identity.
WISEMAN: [chuckle] I don't see how that's...
even relevant at this moment.
BETADRON: Don't ignore me. Who are you?
WISEMAN: My name is Wiseman and I'm here to bring an end...
to the peaceful coexistence between Bakugan and Humans.
WISEMAN: [evil chuckle]
DAN: Mira was finally well enough to be discharged
from the hospital, but unfortunately we only had
bad news waiting for her. That creep Gunz,
I mean Wiseman, I mean whatever you wanna call him,
he'd tricked us and had stolen the Battle Suits.
And what's worse is he did it right under our noses.
Now the pressure was on to get them back before
he could use them on us. We headed to the mountains
to do some emergency battle training but just as we
got started Wiseman and the Nonets showed up
and started causing their usual brand of trouble.
Tune in to check out the heavy battle action.
Poor Radizen still has the shakes over it!
\u266a [MUSIC]